#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
arpeggio==2.0.2
    # via textx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.3.1
    # via django-silk
azure-core==1.30.2
    # via azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   o365
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
cairocffi==1.7.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
cairosvg==2.7.1
    # via weasyprint
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-celery-results
    #   flower
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cron-descriptor==1.4.3
    # via django-celery-beat
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   josepy
    #   jwcrypto
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   djangorestframework-xml
django==4.2.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-markdownx
    #   django-silk
    #   django-storages
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via django-celery-email
django-celery-beat==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-email==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-fsm==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-markdownx==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-o365mail==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-silk==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==7.0
    # via django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-amsterdam
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via drf-amsterdam
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via drf-amsterdam
drf-amsterdam==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-spectacular[sidecar]==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2024.7.1
    # via drf-spectacular
elasticsearch==7.17.9
    # via elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
flower==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gprof2dot==2024.6.6
    # via django-silk
html5lib==1.1
    # via weasyprint
humanize==4.10.0
    # via flower
idna==3.7
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
isodate==0.6.1
    # via azure-storage-blob
josepy==1.14.0
    # via mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
kombu==5.3.7
    # via celery
lxml==5.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.6
    # via django-markdownx
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
o365==2.0.36
    # via django-o365mail
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cairosvg
    #   django-markdownx
    #   weasyprint
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycodestyle==2.12.0
    # via autopep8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via josepy
pypdf==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyphen==0.15.0
    # via weasyprint
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   celery
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   o365
    #   python-crontab
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via flower
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via drf-spectacular
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-core
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   o365
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via o365
rpds-py==0.19.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-silk
textx==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tornado==6.4.1
    # via flower
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   jwcrypto
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   o365
tzlocal==5.2
    # via o365
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
uwsgi==2.0.26
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==52.5
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
