#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/requirements_test.txt requirements/requirements_test.in
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
arpeggio==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   textx
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest-subtests
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-silk
azure-core==1.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-identity==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-storage-blob==12.17.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   o365
billiard==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   tox
cairocffi==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
cairosvg==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   weasyprint
celery==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-celery-results
    #   flower
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
chardet==5.1.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flex
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via tox
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   openapi-codec
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
coverage[toml]==7.2.7
    # via pytest-cov
cron-descriptor==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   josepy
    #   jwcrypto
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
datapunt-authorization-django==1.3.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   djangorestframework-xml
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jwcrypto
distlib==0.3.7
    # via virtualenv
django==3.2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-markdownx
    #   django-silk
    #   django-storages
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   opencensus-ext-django
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-email
django-celery-beat==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-celery-email==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-cors-headers==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-filter==23.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-fsm==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-markdownx==4.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-o365mail==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-rest-swagger==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-silk==5.0.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-storages==1.13.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-timezone-field==5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-amsterdam
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-csv==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-amsterdam==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-spectacular==0.26.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2023.7.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
elasticsearch==7.17.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
execnet==2.0.2
    # via pytest-xdist
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
faker==19.2.0
    # via factory-boy
filelock==3.12.2
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
flex==6.14.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
flower==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
freezegun==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements_test.in
google-api-core==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
google-auth==2.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.59.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
gprof2dot==2022.7.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-silk
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   weasyprint
humanize==4.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreschema
josepy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flex
jsonschema==4.18.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
kombu==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   xmlunittest
markdown==3.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-markdownx
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mozilla-django-oidc==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
msal==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
networkx==3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
o365==2.0.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-o365mail
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
openapi-codec==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
opencensus==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-django
    #   opencensus-ext-logging
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-django==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-logging==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-postgresql==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-requests==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pillow==10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   django-markdownx
    #   weasyprint
platformdirs==3.9.1
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
portalocker==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msal-extensions
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
protobuf==4.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
psycopg2-binary==2.9.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msal
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   josepy
pypdf==3.13.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyphen==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyproject-api==1.5.3
    # via tox
pytest==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-subtests
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-subtests==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-timeout==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-xdist==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
python-crontab==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   o365
    #   python-crontab
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   flower
    #   o365
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   flex
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
referencing==0.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   coreapi
    #   datapunt-authorization-django
    #   flex
    #   google-api-core
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   o365
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-mock==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   o365
rfc3987==1.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flex
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
simplejson==3.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-rest-swagger
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   flex
    #   google-auth
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-silk
strict-rfc3339==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flex
stringcase==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   o365
textx==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flower
tox==4.6.4
    # via -r requirements_test.in
types-cryptography==3.3.23.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   o365
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
uwsgi==2.0.21
    # via -r requirements.txt
validate-email==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flex
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.24.2
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==52.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
xmlunittest==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
