#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/requirements_dev.txt requirements/requirements_dev.in
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   kombu
arpeggio==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   textx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-stubs
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest-subtests
    #   referencing
autopep8==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-silk
azure-core==1.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-identity==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-storage-blob==12.21.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   o365
billiard==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   celery
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   tox
cairocffi==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
cairosvg==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   weasyprint
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-celery-results
    #   flower
celery-types==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   weasyprint
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   celery
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   tox
coverage[toml]==7.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cron-descriptor==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   josepy
    #   jwcrypto
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   weasyprint
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   djangorestframework-xml
distlib==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-markdownx
    #   django-silk
    #   django-storages
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   opencensus-ext-django
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-celery-email
django-celery-beat==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-celery-email==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-cors-headers==4.4.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.6
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-filter==24.2
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-filter-stubs==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-fsm==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-markdownx==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-o365mail==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-silk==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
django-stubs[compatible-mypy]==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-filter-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
django-stubs-ext==5.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-stubs
django-timezone-field==7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-csv
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   drf-amsterdam
    #   drf-extensions
    #   drf-spectacular
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
djangorestframework-gis==1.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
djangorestframework-stubs[compatible-mypy]==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-filter-stubs
djangorestframework-xml==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-amsterdam==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
drf-extensions==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   drf-amsterdam
drf-spectacular[sidecar]==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2024.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
elasticsearch==7.17.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
execnet==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   pytest-xdist
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   types-factory-boy
faker==26.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   factory-boy
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
flake8==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
flower==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
google-api-core==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   opencensus
google-auth==2.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   google-api-core
gprof2dot==2024.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-silk
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   weasyprint
humanize==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   flower
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   pytest
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
josepy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   jsonschema
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
kombu==5.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   celery
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   xmlunittest
lxml-stubs==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
mako==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   pytest-bdd
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-markdownx
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   mako
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   flake8
mozilla-django-oidc==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
msal==1.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   azure-identity
mypy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-filter-stubs
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
mypy-baseline==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   mypy
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   networkx-stubs
networkx-stubs==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
o365==2.0.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-o365mail
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-django
    #   opencensus-ext-logging
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.13
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
opencensus-ext-django==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
opencensus-ext-logging==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
opencensus-ext-postgresql==0.1.3
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
opencensus-ext-requests==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
parse==1.20.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   parse-type
    #   pytest-bdd
parse-type==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   pytest-bdd
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   django-markdownx
    #   weasyprint
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   msal-extensions
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   flower
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   click-repl
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.27.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-postgresql
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   autopep8
    #   flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   cffi
pyflakes==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   flake8
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   msal
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   josepy
pypdf==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
pyphen==0.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   weasyprint
pyproject-api==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   pytest-bdd
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-subtests
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-bdd==7.0.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
pytest-subtests==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
pytest-timeout==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
pytest-xdist==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
python-crontab==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   celery
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   o365
    #   python-crontab
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   flower
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   types-jsonschema
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   google-api-core
    #   mozilla-django-oidc
    #   msal
    #   o365
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   o365
rpds-py==0.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   opencensus
    #   parse-type
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-silk
textx==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
    #   weasyprint
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   flower
tox==4.16.0
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
types-beautifulsoup4==4.12.0.20240511
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
types-cryptography==3.3.23.2
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
types-docutils==0.21.0.20240724
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   types-pygments
types-factory-boy==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
types-html5lib==1.1.11.20240228
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   types-beautifulsoup4
types-jsonschema==4.23.0.20240712
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
types-markdown==3.6.0.20240316
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
types-pillow==10.2.0.20240520
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
types-psycopg2==2.9.21.20240417
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
types-pygments==2.18.0.20240506
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
types-pytz==2024.1.0.20240417
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
types-pyyaml==6.0.12.20240724
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   django-stubs
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
types-setuptools==71.1.0.20240724
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   types-pygments
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   types-requests
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   celery-types
    #   django-filter-stubs
    #   django-stubs
    #   django-stubs-ext
    #   djangorestframework-stubs
    #   jwcrypto
    #   mypy
    #   pytest-bdd
    #   types-factory-boy
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   celery
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   o365
tzlocal==5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   o365
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
uwsgi==2.0.26
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   tox
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
weasyprint==52.5
    # via -r requirements_test.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-requests
xmlunittest==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements_test.txt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
